that josé luís is a person who does not
free reflections that has been a
wonderful person and a magnificent
professional i go out right now
moved super impressed because I josé
luís has personally fired
all of us with a letter and I
it seems admirable and incredible the value
human capacity that he had power in
that moment he decided to write it and
that his wife has also stopped the
presence of mind to read it with
a tremendous grief with the only joy
to see the recognition of the public the
basketball enclosure I recommend saying
friends from all over the world but with pity
that someone who leaves suddenly
leaves a tremendous gap for his charisma
for his for his humanity especially with
those who had approached what we have
I was lucky to live and to live
with him José has shown us that
he was a person with a category
Staff unusual
and well that's going to stay in everyone
us in all that we have had
the luck to share one or the other
way then part of his life and
Of course it's going to leave a void
very big to always tend in my
heart how will all the people of
zaragoza del cae and basketball
Spanish hug to you now in the midst
We love that memory and that longing
that desire to be able to move up and
that Jose Luis trains me undoubtedly
It will be unforgettable
all life or all the memories that I have
they are good and successful coming here
because I wanted to fire in a good way
he is a very trained person very
passionate very close very humble very
hardworking and good and you have to surrender
his well-deserved tribute is a stick
quite fat, especially knowing
what he has done for many people at the
personal at sport level as I am
I in this case and well then that
I wish the best to all your family and the
family of cai zaragoza that we are all
first thing I can say is that it is going
been too early and that
evidently he deserved something more and
had a very good future ahead
with which let us remember José de Luís
as a person
that I think is the memory we have
all after more than a memory I
I would like to speak with you for a moment
because we have fought n let's fight him
silver we have fought we put you planing in
the acb and just tell you that it has been a
example and especially that I feel
proud to see if I take or a hug
strong